you find that balance? Uh, with your team, you know, it's a It's a tricky
situation is kind of tough because the people that should be leading
and you'll be working with our will be around the same age. For
example, when I was ah E three as an undesignated see me? I was 24
years old and my lieutenant division officer was 24 years old, so we
shared a lot of of the similar interests. Sara, A lot of you know,
common things amongst ourselves. But how do you find that that balances
you? You just keep in mind that you're a lieutenant or you're an
incident and he or she is a seaman Airman, First class, third class,
second class. One more tidbit. Just keep in mind that you get paid
on the 15 1st on the 15th of every month, and you don't want to jeopardize
you know, your priorities at home for making a mistake out in
the fleet